Git
jenkins
Nexus
Docker
Kubernetes
Ansible
GCP
Python script
Linux/Bash script

merge conflict 
python sorting without using library func
git sequnce of creatinf/cloning
if you add new to git
if you modify existing file from the repo
git snapshot ===git log details
get last n number of commit details using git log
how will you know if your file/changes is checkedin/pushed or not
git status | git diff |git log
search for merge question in git
python files exist program
unix if else for files and directory searching
files permissions
jenkins CI/CD concepts
projects 

MAKEFILE
python debugging
by using adding brekpoint in simulation
git cherry-pick
Write a Program to print the number of lines,words and characters present in the given file
==>>read the file and count no of whitespaces
git stash
git reset SOFT vs HARD
git revert
git rebase
git commit --


python replace can be used in lists or not?
Write a python program to replace delimeter as ':' with space and display output on console.==> use replace method pf strings
dangling pointer 
free 
malloc calloc
Q1) Introduce yourself technically. Q2) Asked about my projects. Q3) Asked about my educational background. 
19)What is a Stack section? Q20)How will be variables allocated in memory? How will you access heap? Q21)How many types of interrupts are there?
Why semaphores are not used for ISRs? Q26)How do you implement threads? Q27)What is the basic difference betw. multiple processes and multiple child processes?
vvvvvimmpppppppQ6) What is the size of this data structure? (I answered about structure padding as he was expecting the same answer from me)
Difference between Threads & Process
1. What is a static variable? 2. What the difference between static and constant variable? 3. How do you declare a const pointer to an integer variable? 4. How do you declare a pointer to an integer constant? 5. What are the stages of compilation?

rtc integration with jenkins
why should we hire yu
tell me somthing sbout yourself
why do u want to join this company
what is your approach towards a task or issue:
Explain CI/CD pipeline
