Tell me about yorself:

Hi I am Sonali.
I have been working with Tata elxsi Pune for more than past 3 yrs now as a Senior Engineer.

I am a Senior Engineer with more than 3 years of work exp in softare development and devops
I work under there automotive bu which comes under thier embeddded domain services

Hi I am Sonali.
I started off career as an Engineer with Tata Elxsi 
I am a Senior Engineer with more than 3 years of work exp in software development and devops practices
I work under there automotive bu which is a part of thier embeddded domain 
services where worked on development and integration of Infotainemnet systems, 
Instrument Clusters, ecu,etc
My responsibilities inlcuded:
Developing, Maintaining and improving existing code and peer review code changes
Defining and setting development, test, release, processes for DevOps operation
Selecting and deploying appropriate CI/CD tools
Mentoring and guiding the team members 


In that role my major accomplishment was that we suggested the client with some advanced tools for improved performance of the ci/cd cycles and the idea was 
approved by them Using those toolchains improved the performance and saved lot of time
I understand that for this position of Build and Intergation engineer that you are hiring for you are looking for someone with strong knowledege on 
SW release life cycle, build processes and integration techniques


shravan poshetty

Roles and responsibilities:
Maintaining and improving existing codebases and peer review code changes
Improving system quality by identifying issues and developing quality software
Defining and setting development, test, release, update, and support processes for DevOps operation
Troubleshooting techniques and fixing the code bugs
Selecting and deploying appropriate CI/CD tools
Mentoring and guiding the team members 
Setting up tools and required infrastructure
Coordination and communication within the team and with customers
Providing written knowledge transfer material
 
 
strenth dependable people and comm skills goes extramile


weakness:
in situations where there's a deadline to be met or a task which is complex I tend to put all my focus in there and wont budge till it is done and 
in these situations I also tended to make my colleagues also work hard for it. Where i realised that taking breaks in between helps a lot and makes 
you think clearly and you should not sacrifice that sleep which makes your intellectual capacity more clearer and understood everyone works in a 
diffrent way and you should not interfare with thier thinking process


why should i hire you??The position requires strong knowledege on SW release life cycle, build processes and integration techniques and  
I believe that have the  relevant skills and experience with in these areas my background in embedded domain and automotive development 
will definately going to be a plus and add th the growth of the company, also I do know that this position is going to a client deployment and 
have  I have an strong experience of onsite deployment wherein I know how to interact with cliennt and there teams, at the same  time repesent my 
company strong ethics and deliver great results. at one such deployment I have craeted integration framework where i brought several projects integration
  jobs into onw job efffieciently and also at 

We have established ourselves as a preferred partner for technology and excellence. At MosChip, we strive to provide unparalleled service and support to 
our clients with on-time delivery being our strength and commitment. We aim to offer a unique combination of services and solutions giving them an advantage over
 competitors in their industry by aligning ourselves to the vision of our clients.
’ve heard of your reputation in the industry, and I would be proud to work for a company with such an excellent track record and a strong example of leadership in the industry. 
 I've read employee testimonials and heard of your enthusiasm for encouraging employee growth through education, training, and vast resources. I already know that engaged employees produce better work, and that is evident in the most recent campaign

why this company?

Before the recruiter called me about this opportunity, I must admit that I didn't know much about your company. I've been doing some research
 in preparation for this discussion, and I need to say that I'm impressed by your work and your vision for the future. 
 I 'm genuinely interested in moving ahea with this domain and I read that you are growing/established in that area. 
 As an experienced prof with an emphasis in technology, I know I can bring a lot of value to the team.

Client First
We succeed when our clients succeed. Our client-driven approach demonstrates our ability to collaborate and execute with excellence.


Integrity is Execution
The culture we continuously build is honest. There are no shortcuts. We deliver excellence with integrity in everything we do.


Embracing a Global Network
We embrace the power of a global network no matter where you perform business.


Driven by Innovation
 

questions to be asked:
what are the biggest challenges i'll face in the first 90 days 
and how will success be measured?
how does my baackground compare to other candidates you're interviewing?
After the covid pandemic which are the employee
 friendly policies that have been added or updated in the company??
